other one is heading to steam early
access neverwinter is nerfing difficulty
all that more I'm sack sharps and this
is free-to-play weekly first up on the
show that tad Williams novels inspired
MMORPG other Linda's finally progressing
towards launch but hold on not a
complete launch what do I mean by this
well on August is 26 Drago entertainment
will be releasing other lengths to seem
green light under the early access tag
you will have to buy into this early
access and with it Drago states its
current pricing will be aimed at players
who are willing to support them and are
ready to invest integrate content in the
creation thereof in terms of
monetization Drago states instead of an
item shop as originally planned we will
offer DLC that includes new content but
it's optional to buy no paid to win and
then as for the further pricing and
business model after the official launch
of the game not this early access Drago
States it's not been decided yet and it
may differ between territories for me
unless this early action shows a ton of
promise and I mean a ton i am probably
gonna skip it that's just my view on
early access in general but what about
you guys for those of you dragons saying
online fans out there big point has
announced the new expansion risible or
will be releasing on august that's 26
this expansion brings forth a level
kappa raise skill revamp 16 new maps for
you to explore and some of those maps
are even intended to change over time
plus there's also the standard balancing
tweaks and other stuff included in this
update i haven't ventured forth into the
Lance of dragon staying for a while now
however this expansion does look like a
reason to return and certainly awesome
for existing players as well thanks to
your guys's player feedback world of
warships update zero point four point
one will make a number of significant
changes to wargaming's free-to-play
seafaring combat game world of warships
the biggest implementation is the ranked
battles which lets players climb the
ladder of highly skilled players so long
as they have a level nine accounts and
it's here six through seven shit
each full season of ranked play will
offer unique war rewards for those best
players on the leader board and a pair
of new warm up weather maps are also in
the offering as well as tweaks making it
so each team will have the same number
of aircraft carriers and much more
balancing which can be read in detail on
their official website play neverwinter
think the game is a little bit through
difficult well it seems as though
cryptic agrees because this week lead
designer Scott's shy cough laid out
plans for speeding up the late game for
example the fifty percent HP buff that
had been added to level 61 through 70
critters has been removed and it means
in the endgame campaign zones have had
most of their HP buff removed the amount
of damage of craters level 61 and up has
been decreased XP boosts have been added
for Elemental Evil zones and much much
more these updates will come out shortly
to PC however those console players out
there will have to wait a little bit
longer however with pretty significant
nerves the late game of Neverwinter it's
time for the question of the week last
week on the show I asked whether or not
auto questing should be a thing I user
by the name of the Kappa said the
following auto questing is ridiculous
you might as well not play the game
there is no more points of the game if
you can just skip to the end if
developers don't want people to grind
then they should put the effort in and
make interesting quests shots fired
thanks for your responses as always guys
if you want your comment possibly
featured in next week's episode make
sure to leave a comment down below this
week's question is related to our last
story how difficult should an MMO be is
hardcore the way to go or just make your
MMO accessible for the many curious
where you guys take this discussion
because I could see a work in both ways
those of you juking the caps in the
free-to-play sci-fi fantasy MMORPG
Skyforge and tinkering around with your
orders got a new update dropped on you
this week titled crucible of the Gods
update brings forth raids anomalies and
other end game content for you to grind
your way through the update also brings
forth prestige scaling which allows you
to play with your friends of varying
prestigious
lieu of UI updates pantheon content in a
major list of bug fixes and they're
those bugs needed to be fixed overall
it's good to see see how on Steam and
obsidian entertainment putting forth and
more bug fixes and content however for
myself that bridge has already been
passed you know what bridge I'll never
pass giveaway stage of course yes guys
makes your head hung over there bookmark
the page sell your kidneys wait no don't
27 seriously guys don't don't do that as
for myself setting up until next week's
free-to-play weekly I'm zagg sharps and
I'll catch you guys next time